doc(backup): multiple backup stores support (#1035)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.8.0/concepts.md

Because the volume replication is synchronized, and because of network latency, it is hard to do cross-region replication. The backupstore is also used as a medium to address this problem.

> When the backup target is configured on the `Setting/Backup Target` page of the Longhorn UI, Longhorn can connect to the backupstore and show you a list of existing backups on the `Backup` page of the Longhorn UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the backup target is configured on the Longhorn UI (**Setting > Backup Target**), Longhorn can connect to the backupstore and display a list of existing backups on the **Backup** screen.
```

Author: Modified. Thanks

- Creating persistent volumes
- Creating persistent volume claims

A DR volume can be created from a volume’s backup in the backupstore. After the DR volume is created, Longhorn will monitor its original backup volume and incrementally restore from the latest backup. A backup volume is an object in the backupstore that contains multiple backups of the same volume.

> If the original volume in the main cluster goes down, the DR volume can be immediately activated in the backup cluster, so it can greatly reduce the time needed to restore the data from the backupstore to the volume in the backup cluster.

Reviewer 2: A very minor point for consideration. When I see 'greatly reduces' I hope to see some examples of how great this reduction is. In their absence, I think just 'reducing' is fine. Thanks.

```suggestion
If the original volume in the main cluster goes down, the DR volume can be immediately activated in the backup cluster, reducing the time needed to restore the data from the backupstore to the volume in the backup cluster.
```

Author: Modified. Thanks

## 3.4. Backupstore Update Intervals, RTO, and RPO

> Typically incremental restoration is triggered by the periodic backupstore update. Users can set backupstore update interval by editing the backup target in Setting - Backup Target.

Author: Modified. Thanks
